Fix vale and broken links errors and add associated new make and tox targets (#57)
canonical/irc-bridge-operator: docs/how-to/troubleshooting.md

# How to troubleshoot IRC bridge issues

> This section will help you troubleshoot various issues with ERC bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will help you troubleshoot various issues with the IRC bridge charm.
```

> ## Issue where Synapse stops sending events to the IRC bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Synapse stops sending events to the IRC bridge
```
Since you added an intro that explains that we'll be talking about issues, I think we don't need to specify this in the header.
